feat(anta): Add support of CSV file export (#672)
aristanetworks/anta: docs/snippets/anta_nrfu_help.txt

  --help                          Show this message and exit.

Commands:

>   csv         ANTA command to check network states with CSV result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  csv         ANTA command to check network state with CSV report.
```
